you
when I first met sue male I knew this
kid was gonna be big so Melanie started
playing dota when I was 15 and he was 8
he had this passion for some l all that
mattered was being the best his desire
to compete at the highest level his will
to be a professional that was the most
prominent thing that I got from him so
when a spot opened up on evil geniuses
simul was the first person that we
thought of at first smells parents were
very skeptical about eSports but even
though it was a very scary decision his
parents really believed in him I lived
in pacsun 15 years and growing up I
wanted to play so bad that is all my by
second just to pay for mirage we had no
car so I bought a small pit bike it was
only meant for one person but we got
like four persons on it and we rode all
the way to the gaming zone we just
started playing the whole day hexen
doesn't have much resources to fulfill
the needs of gaming and to play the game
it's very easy over here my dad working
hard to get me and my family here I live
with a 20 members in a small apartment
and I share my room with three family
members it's really mesmerizing for all
of us and he's been playing so fast
never tired never get bored I play about
nine hours a day it needs a lot of hard
work and dedication and endued 'dear
sold me something useful you just can't
stop smells entire life revolves around
dota aside from school and his family
this is pretty much his life this is
what he's been doing since he's been six
I think he's established himself quickly
as one of the most skilled mid players
in the game but I think what's gonna be
really important for him as he develops
is how he interacts with his teammates I
have a lot of room to improve and
various like the most experienced player
so I've learned a lot from him
and I think he's like one of the main
reason I you know at summitry I thought
I was the only reason I teen lost
because I just played so poorly fear
helped me earn just to trust your
teammates he told me that the good
players learn from their mistake and not
get upset instead they wrecked Assad and
that's how you become the best tamils
definitely a confident player he came in
at 15 years old and somehow managed to
win the biggest prize pool outside of
the International and a lot of that had
to do with his confidence in himself if
he didn't have that under all that
pressure i think most players would have
just crumbled all this Fame all this
money all this glory didn't change him
that's the best part of who he is he is
Rayleigh ambitious he always been saying
to his mom and dad let me do this and
one day I'll make you all proud of me
and he's doing it he's on his right path
I'm excited about everything in my
future but I'm possibly more excited
than anything else but meaning T apply
TF I was everything you in this you and
everything
you